so today is my last room tour ever in
this room this room has been blue and
it's been a greyish purple and now it's
light pink and I'm moving out of it
so I'm gonna show you it because I never
made a room tour after I painted it yeah
you'll never really see this room again
after the next two weeks so that's kind
of sad but it's also good because since
I'm moving rooms you know what that
means right don't if you don't know what
that means it just means that I'm gonna
have to like redecorate the room and so
I'll have another room tore up that's
pretty cool because I'll be able to do
another one they're fun to decorate and
fun to watch so let's start my room tour
alright so starting with my bed the
bedspread is from Ikea my dad thinks it
looks like it's from the goodwill but I
like it it's just a floral plant it's
gray it can go with really any color
room and now I'm doing a front flip onto
my bed so that's pretty fun who hasn't
ever jumped on their bed like that so
this is just a gray sequin pillow I got
it a year ago on hot look and a purple
pillow with little gems on it so on each
side of my bed I have this little vase
from Target and inside is a lamp from
Ikea and this is also where I keep my
iPad and my phone usually and then on
the back of my bed I have these LED
lights they look really cool when it's
dark my room but it's light you can
barely see them so over here is just
kind of my closet I'm hanging up I have
a couple of scarfs and umbrella and a
purse that I'd barely use and then on
these shelves I have some shoes some
clothes I'm not really going to show you
my closet too much because it's not
super organized or anything but here's
just a little sneak peek at it and then
this is the view of my room from the
side of my bed so we're gonna go over
there now so here's my desk I got it
from Ikea it has like a little glass
panel on it obviously the main thing on
there is my iMac I got it to edit my
videos it's so much faster than like any
MacBook and then whatever camera lens
I'm not using is usually just by my
computer along with these mason jars
which have little things to make hair
ties and spare change and then there's
also a candle mason jars are really nice
I was like cute little storage
containers for like spare chains and
stuff like that and then to the side I
have some perfumes
and then I have this desk which honestly
is not very organized
I know what's in it though like it might
look weird but I know what's in it I
just have headphones some brushes yeah I
got some gum got my vlogging camera so
totally check out my vlog channel looks
I'm vlogging on there every day this
month and then I got a bunch of earrings
in that little juicy thing and then to
the far right is just some makeup
products that actually don't get much
use so this is underneath my desk and
this box is just like scissors and
packing tape and a little garbage can
over there and that's pretty much it
this stool I've had for like ten years
and all my friends are like don't get
rid of it it's like your stool you know
so I might take it to my apartment to
the right of that I have this
full-length mirror that I got from
Target for like 50 dollars and it's
great just to see your whole outfit
these curtains they're not really
anything special I just kind of had them
and they match that pillow so I'm like
okay I'll just keep them there Wow we're
back to my bed already so this is almost
over but at the end of my bed I have an
ottoman and inside here is just stuff
that I'm going to take to my apartment
so I just use it as storage right now so
you can see this is in my little
apartment stuff hall that was on my blog
channel and that's pretty much all
that's in here right now
here's my door I never took off that
blue thing from one my room was blue and
here's just one last look at my room
all right well hope you guys enjoyed and
check out my vlog channel because I'm
putting up a vlog every day this month
so you can click here to do so and I'll
see you guys for my next video alright
bye